<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">
<h:head>
    <title>REST API Demo</title>
    <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="styles.css"/>
    <style>
        .api-section {
            margin-bottom: 20px;
            padding: 15px;
            background-color: #f9f9f9;
            border-radius: 5px;
            border: 1px solid #ddd;
        }
        .endpoint {
            font-family: monospace;
            background-color: #f5f5f5;
            padding: 5px;
            border-radius: 3px;
            margin: 5px 0;
        }
        .method {
            font-weight: bold;
            display: inline-block;
            width: 60px;
        }
        .method.get { color: #61affe; }
        .method.post { color: #49cc90; }
        .method.put { color: #fca130; }
        .method.delete { color: #f93e3e; }
        pre {
            background-color: #f5f5f5;
            padding: 10px;
            border-radius: 3px;
            overflow-x: auto;
        }
    </style>
</h:head>
<h:body>
    <div class="container">
        <div class="header">
            <h1>REST API Documentation</h1>
            <div class="nav">
                <h:link outcome="index" value="Home" styleClass="nav-item"/>
                <h:link outcome="faculties" value="Faculties" styleClass="nav-item"/>
                <h:link outcome="courses" value="Courses" styleClass="nav-item"/>
                <h:link outcome="students" value="Students" styleClass="nav-item"/>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="content">
            <h2>RESTful API Endpoints</h2>

            <p>The following RESTful API endpoints are available for integration with other systems.</p>

            <div class="api-section">
                <h3>Faculty API</h3>

                <div class="endpoint">
                    <span class="method get">GET</span> /api/faculties
                </div>
                <p>Retrieves a list of all faculties.</p>

                <div class="endpoint">
                    <span class="method get">GET</span> /api/faculties/{id}
                </div>
                <p>Retrieves a specific faculty by ID.</p>

                <div class="endpoint">
                    <span class="method post">POST</span> /api/faculties
                </div>
                <p>Creates a new faculty.</p>
                <pre>
// Request body example:
{
  "name": "Faculty of Science",
  "department": "Mathematics"
}
                </pre>

                <div class="endpoint">
                    <span class="method put">PUT</span> /api/faculties/{id}
                </div>
                <p>Updates an existing faculty.</p>
                <pre>
// Request body example:
{
  "name": "Faculty of Science",
  "department": "Computer Science"
}
                </pre>

                <div class="endpoint">
                    <span class="method delete">DELETE</span> /api/faculties/{id}
                </div>
                <p>Deletes a faculty by ID.</p>
            </div>

            <div class="api-section">
                <h3>Course API</h3>

                <div class="endpoint">
                    <span class="method get">GET</span> /api/courses
                </div>
                <p>Retrieves a list of all courses.</p>

                <div class="endpoint">
                    <span class="method get">GET</span> /api/courses/{id}
                </div>
                <p>Retrieves a specific course by ID.</p>

                <div class="endpoint">
                    <span class="method post">POST</span> /api/courses
                </div>
                <p>Creates a new course.</p>
                <pre>
// Request body example:
{
  "courseCode": "CS101",
  "title": "Introduction to Programming",
  "credits": 6,
  "facultyId": 1
}
                </pre>

                <div class="endpoint">
                    <span class="method put">PUT</span> /api/courses/{id}
                </div>
                <p>Updates an existing course.</p>
                <pre>
// Request body example:
{
  "courseCode": "CS101",
  "title": "Advanced Programming",
  "credits": 8,
  "facultyId": 1
}
                </pre>

                <div class="endpoint">
                    <span class="method delete">DELETE</span> /api/courses/{id}
                </div>
                <p>Deletes a course by ID.</p>
            </div>

            <h3>Testing the API</h3>

            <p>You can test the API using curl commands from the command line:</p>

            <pre>
# Get all faculties
curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/university/api/faculties

# Create a new faculty
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/university/api/faculties \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"name":"Faculty of Arts","department":"Music"}'

# Get a specific faculty
curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/university/api/faculties/1

# Update a faculty
curl -X PUT http://localhost:8080/university/api/faculties/1 \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"name":"Faculty of Arts","department":"Visual Arts"}'

# Delete a faculty
curl -X DELETE http://localhost:8080/university/api/faculties/1
            </pre>
        </div>

        <div class="footer">
            <p>&copy; 2025 University Management System</p>
        </div>
    </div>
</h:body>
</html>